A final piece of text on "how" to do this (#130)
ietf-wg-ccwg/rfc5033bis: draft-ietf-ccwg-rfc5033bis.md

document are to be interpreted as described in BCP 14 {{!RFC2119}} {{!RFC8174}}
when, and only when, they appear in all capitals, as shown here.

# Guidelines for Authors

## Guidelines for Authors about Evaluation

This document does not specify specific evaluation methods, short of internet-scale deployment and measurement, to test the criteria described below. There are multiple possible approaches to evaluation. Each has a role, and the most appropriate approach depends on the criteria being evaluated and the maturity of the specification.

For many algorithms, an initial evaluation will consider individual protocol mechanisms in a simulator to analyse their stability and safety across a wide range of conditions, including overload.  For example, {{?RFC8869}} describes evaluation test cases for interactive real-time media over wireless networks. Such results could also be published or discussed in the IRTF (such as ICCRG and MAPRG).

> 

Reviewer: Maybe "discussed in IRTF research groups such as ICCRG and MAPRG." ?

intended for data centers, but the proposal SHOULD indicate which are expected
to safely coexist with it.

# Evaluation Methods and Results

> Although evaluations test and results are not normally described in an IETF specification, they are important to the development of a specification. This document does not specify a specific method to perform this evaluation. There are multiple possible approaches to evaluation. Each has a role, and the most appropriate approach depends on the criteria being evaluated and mthe aturity of the specification.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This document does not specify specific methods, short of internet-scale deployment and measurement, to test the criteria described below. There are multiple possible approaches to evaluation. Each has a role, and the most appropriate approach depends on the criteria being evaluated and the maturity of the specification.
```

> For many algorithms, an initial evaluation will consider individual protocol mechanisms in a simulator to analyse the stability and explore the safety across a wide range of conditions, including overload.  For example, RFC 8869 describes evaluation test cases for interactive real-time media over wireless networks. Such results could also be published or form basis of discussion in IRTF research activities (such as ICCRG and MAPRG).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For many algorithms, an initial evaluation will consider individual protocol mechanisms in a simulator to analyse their stability and safety across a wide range of conditions, including overload.  For example, {{?RFC8869}} describes evaluation test cases for interactive real-time media over wireless networks. Such results could also be published or discussed in the IRTF (such as ICCRG and MAPRG).
```

> Before a proposed congestion control algorithm is finally standardised, it is expected to have gained practical experience with implementation and experience using the algorithm. Where there is implementation by independent teams, this can help provide assurance that a specification has avoided assumptions or ambiguity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before a proposed congestion control algorithm is published as an Experimental or Standards Track RFC, the community SHOULD gain practical experience with implementation and experience using the algorithm. Where there is implementation by independent teams, this can help provide assurance that a specification has avoided assumptions or ambiguity.
```

> An independent evaluation by multiple teams helps provide assurance that the design meets the evaluation criteria, and can asses typical interactions with other traffic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An independent evaluation by multiple teams helps provide assurance that the design meets the evaluation criteria, and can assess typical interactions with other traffic.
```
